welcome to the top six of hot six league
of legends champion summer week one with
the round of 16 first up we have motto
returning with some amazing fresh play
of course after winning the spring
season champions first going to see a
double kill being fed into imp in the
bottom lane but look at this mid lane
going at it again with another death
sentence for see the replay here in mata
just flashing right up into Draven's
face to ensure that this death sentence
leads to an amazing team fight for MVP
jose to paint a consultant will sell
multiple get cricket
the common
hexham dogging booney you know
liquid in fifth place we have ambition
starting up a great team by Percy Jay
and displays goes into the zone yet it's
going to lead right into a guardian
angel meanwhile nominees going to come
up with a double aqua prison right there
leading into flames slicing maelstroms
and flame will finish off the fight with
a triple kill for himself and of course
Eva and displays let's look at this
great leap over the wall once again
starting up the entire flight
single-handedly in fourth place we have
me machinist why his nickname in Korea
is nima gasps as he shows his skilled as
Braga gets a solo kill in mid lane which
is going to lead into another soul was
killed dodging skill shots left and
right then he's gonna show his own skill
shots getting the damage teepees and
then just sticking to his target but
that's not all you can do looking at the
placement of this amazing explosive gas
it's for people and separates them in
all different directions
like in third place we're gonna piglet
showing us this time dodging bagus moves
he actually gets an auto-attack cancel
in here to fake his movement then gets
the flash and cleanse but once again
showing his placement in a teamfight
going to dodge all the Ultimates coming
at him make sure doesn't get caught by
viruses chains of corruption stays at
these edge and then starts to rejoin his
team to finish off the fight for SKT t1
and another TV part where piglet stays
back as far as possible until his team
ensures a safety and then we'll begin
the chase back push back el gim number
two
ok
in second place we'll look at the
synergy between cacao and insect with
insect now in top lane the gang comes in
as in sec is able to pick up first blood
on shan wat phu khao will continue the
chases and pick up second kill for kt
rolster omnis innovations insects
showing us he's capable of playing top
lane chen would another great flashed on
starting up a team Viper kt rolster
that's not the last night he's going to
show us those moves as we see another
team fight coming in from the Baron fin
insect goes for the top first into the
flash in the diagonal direction we let's
take a look at the slow-motion here with
a pinpoint accuracy dos equis children
and of course in first place is going to
be none other than jandi from MPG ozone
on Lisa and we're going to start off
with a triple kill chase all the way
home as he lands all the skill shots he
needs to pick up one at the tower two in
the lane and then ward into the brush
suddenly surprises Jarvan Jarvan with
nowhere to go he's going to change them
with that resonating strike to pick up a
triple kill but the play that everyone
will remember from the first week is
going to be none other than dandies
five-man dragons rage coming right up
dandy goes for the wardroom flash and
hits dragon rage knocking for other
enemy teammates into the air which
pretty much determines the game for MVP
ozone in this first week if you like
what you see leave a comment behind and
subscribe to slash TV on game net